[Music]
hey how's it going Dave QD here and this
is a comparison between the one thousand
dollar gaming laptops in mid 2017 now
choosing one of these things is not
super easy you have to make compromises
of some sort you're not going to have
like an eight hundred dollar laptop
that's super thin with the 12 hour
battery life and like amazing
performance it's just not going to
happen you have to figure out what you
find most important your decision and
also what you don't care about as much
and then make a purchase decision based
off of that okay in no particular order
we have the Asus GL 5 v 3 this is one of
very few laptops with the black and
orange color scheme it has an RGB
keyboard and it has a metal top surface
we have the dell inspiron seven five six
seven it's been redesigned for 2017
comes in red or gray and it feels very
solid this thing is dense
next is the 2017 HP omen I haven't done
a video on this refreshed version it's
so similar to the 2016 model and it's
also very similar to the HP Pavillion
this year then we have the msi ge62 this
is one of the very first Pascal based
laptops on the market it also has a
metal top lid with that MSI dragon logo
next up is the V x-15 from Acer this has
a more traditional gaming laptop
aesthetic I don't love the color but I
do like the design language that they're
going for we also have the saber 15 from
gigabyte this is their least expensive
gaming laptop and there's no red color
accents at all it's also based off of a
cleveo bare-bones laptop and then lastly
we have the lenovo y 5 29 too much red
on this one the exterior is all black
and it's kind of low-key but the inside
has red accents and the way that I do my
comparison videos if you haven't seen
them before I kind of go through several
categories and then choose a winner in
that category based on these laptops
alright let's do this alright the first
thing is build quality and at this price
point you're not going to get top two
your build quality I'd much rather have
a well engineered plastic chassis then a
poorly made metal one my top pick is the
Dell seven five six seven this thing's
built like a tank
the chassis is rock-solid it's actually
weird to have toughest thing feels for
this price point
the ACS gl-5 5-3 I'd say comes in second
place it's got an aluminum top panel
plastic bottom butts well-built the
lenovo y 5 20 in the a crv x 15 are also
really good choices both of those are
built well okay the next thing i want to
talk about is screen quality the thing i
need to mention though is that this
laptop the dell 7 5 6 7 this originally
launched with a TN panel it was pretty
bad and del realized that they made a
huge mistake and they now actually ship
with IPS panels so i mean it's still not
the best of the bunch but it's
significantly better than what they used
to have the winner here is the msi ge62
close runner-up would be the GL 5 v 3
they're more expensive so you're paying
a bit of a premium to get a better
screen but if you're looking for
something that's brighter or more color
accurate in that thousand dollar price
range these are my top two picks the
rest of them are actually pretty similar
i'd say that the dell with its new IPS
panel comes out a bit ahead for color
accuracy but they're noticeably not as
good as the two leaders the HP omen and
the dell 7 5 6 7 both have 4k panel
options the 4k omen panel looks pretty
good it is a pentile display the 4k Dell
panel is better also if you want you can
upgrade all of these panels not just the
ones on the table but the ones that are
off frame right now but you can take all
of the panels out if you want and then
purchase them on eBay and replace them
now it's not an easy process but it can
be done so if you're stuck with a laptop
that doesn't have the best screen you
can pick up some really bright and
really color accurate panels on eBay and
do it yourself ok so here's a chart of
what ports and drives these devices have
at this price point none of them have
sundar about three supports they're all
upgradable like you can open them up and
add memory and storage drives but the
one that's easiest to upgrade is the
Dell 7 5 6 7 there's a single screw to
get inside and it just straight up feels
like it was built for the user to open
it up the saber 15 or the cleveo has the
most number of ports but some of those
are located on the bottom right so can
get a little cluttered also the Asus and
the MSI have optical drives if you need
them now in general all of these have
good contact
see and good port selection but I've had
to choose a winner it would be the msi
ge62 in terms of the keyboard all of
them have a decent keyboard none of them
are bad per se my favourite keyboard
would probably be the msi it's a solid
keyboard with zoned RGB backlighting and
then second place I'd say would go to
the lenovo y 5 xx hands are a different
story both of those laptops I just
mentioned with good keyboards have
not-so-good trackpads
my favorite trackpad is the dell 7 5 6 7
plastic surface windows precision
drivers good button mechanism I like
this one to be honest I don't feel like
any of the other ones are as good maybe
the tracking on the saber 15 is similar
but I much prefer to click on the Dell
over the dedicated buttons on the saber
ok so performance is dependent on two
things first are the components so the
faster components you have the better
performance and then the second thing is
how well those components are cooled so
if you don't cool them properly they
just won't run as well you need to have
a mixture of the two to have like the
quote unquote best performance so all of
these laptops come in well most of them
come in two configurations in i5 and i7
if you're just playing games the i5 is
perfectly fine but if you also edit
videos I would totally upgrade to an i7
so all of these laptops are running a KB
like i7 and the best thermal performance
goes to the Dell seven five six seven I
have a tough time getting this thing to
throttle it's cooled really well I kind
of ranked them in order from best to
worst in terms of how hot the CPU gets
when it's running the 3dmark stress test
and then here's some scores from fire
strike now keep in mind that these
temperatures are from a benchmark
regular gaming or video editing won't
push the laptop as hard but this gives
us a rough idea while we're here I might
as well talk about fan noise and these
are all running kb lake processors so
for the most part they're pretty
efficient the fans don't always need to
run when the laptops are idling these
are the measurements I took and it's
it's a pretty close battle for first
place ice it's a toss-up between the
Dell and HP omen in terms of speakers
the two leaders are the lenovo and the
dell the dell sounds better it has a sub
so if you're watching videos or playing
games you can hear the lower frequencies
better it's not super heavy bass but it
is there the lenovo has a better
location for this
it's up on top so it projects upward and
to the sides so the stereo effect is
very pronounced if you want positional
audio for games and you don't want
headphones or you can't use headphones
these are very usable the ACS also has
nice speakers as well
okay let's talk battery life here's a
chart and the leader here is the Dell
it's a big battery it's significantly
bigger than some of the other models
here now all of these are measured on a
1080p screen if you upgrade to a 4k
panel the battery life will be lower and
in case you're wondering like how I run
my battery tests I set my laptops to 215
its if the laptop can even get to that
brightness but I set it to 250 and I run
the script that does web browsing and
text input in this loop okay the last
category is value and I think the winner
for just sheer value is the Lenovo Y 5
24 850 bucks you're able to get a 1050
Ti which is a really powerful chip for
games and you're still getting your
2-year Lenovo warranty and stuff the
Dell and the Acer also really good but
every laptop here has some strengths and
weaknesses so you can't really go wrong
choosing any of them if you're wondering
what my top choices amongst these it's
the Dell seven five six seven and like I
mentioned everyone choice is a little
bit different my preference is for a
bigger battery and really good build
quality and they kind of nailed that
this only applies though for the new IPS
panel if they didn't have that new panel
I would have gone for the Acer V x-15
now if you're one of those people that
have the TN panel it's not that big of a
deal I mean it is not as good as this
new IPS panel but you always have the
option of going to ebay and doing that
whole swap thing that I mentioned
earlier it's really not that expensive
and it's not too difficult on this
particular model and you can get some
really good panels for like a hundred
bucks
now the other thing I want to mention
three laptops that I do not recommend
purchasing first is the Samsung Odyssey
I have a review unit I will not be doing
review on it it's $1,500 it's way too
expensive for what that product is I
think it's overpriced I think it's I
mean it's a fine laptop it was $1000 not
1500 the other thing is that this laptop
here the msi ge62 it has a younger
sibling called the GL 62 and you might
be tempted to purchase the GL because
it's cheaper than this one but the fans
on that thing are super loud the screen
is significantly worse save up for the
ge62
if you
want the nside the other thing is do not
purchase a laptop with a gtx 960m
right now unless it's like a huge
discount because the performance
difference between the 1050 to 1050 Ti
and a 960 is way too big to ignore you
do not want to purchase a 960 m just to
save a couple bucks you will get longer
like lifespan with this laptop if you
pick up 1050 it will last you longer in
terms of like gaming years so if you can
save up for 10 50 or 10 250 T I hope you
guys enjoyed this video thumbs we liked
it
subs if you loved it I'll see you guys
next time
[Music]